Art (Upright)\n\nCreate a balance in your overall life not just one are and while doing this Try to remain away from any extreme life changes that are within your control. Taking the low or high road at this time is going to cause a major power shift in your most valued environment. Practice emotional restraint and you will gain insight into a lot of past issues. Keeping calm so you can keep moving along for now is going to help you develop some new coping skills. The ruling planet for this card is Jupiter and the element associated with this card is Fire!\n\nArt (Love)\n\nBe cautious and thoughtful in your actions because harmony is trying to align itself with you and possibly even with something new in the very close future. Art is one of the better cards you can recieve in while actually in a relationship because if everything is going smoothly and you feel like you and your partner are in sync and harmony with your goals - they are going to be achieved. This is a dynamic duo card for lovers which means heavy with passion and drizzled with experimentation for the both of you! If you are seeking a partner and have this card show up during your reading. Meeting someone soon is a high probability. Just remember to keep your cool and don\'t get too nervous; it can actually scare your future lover off.\n\nArt (Reversed)\n\nArt in reverse is going to be the exact opposite of upright and in this meaning it stands for the imbalances in your life that you have neglected to fix. Leaving something and trying to ignore it is dangerous and can lead to extremes in anxiety and depression. Just as this card means balance and harmony upright when reversed it\'s screaming at you to master your emotions, increase your bravery and use the other cards in this spread to possibly identify where you need to start to fix this and yourself.\n\nArt (Career)\n\nThis is going to be a great time for you to START setting your goals. Don\'t rush yourself and plan accordingly because you are going to have to be patient when it comes to reaching some of these goals. But if you can keep yourself on a respectable schedule and provide focus and cut out those who are disturbing your peace you are sure to reach them and if you are slow to anger while setting these goals and taking the first two steps to reaching this goal then quickly you shall achieve.
