The Empress (upright)\n\n She is usually associated with material influence but every woman knows that the things in the material are only as valuable as the memory attached to that item. Earth (mother earth) is associated with the empress. Incredibly grounded you could and should dismiss the nonsense in your way. The empress is mostly femanine but can also accompany or ground male energy as well - presenting the natural energy of this card from femanine to masculine depending on what exactly the empress has in mind. At a relaxed pace those associating with the empress card can know they are safe.\n\nThe Empress (love)\n\nThis card is personal in the love life as it is referring solely to you. Developing a relationship with yourself is not what everyone wants to hear but it\'s how you will truly get to know yourself and be able to then show this type of care and emotion to another. When everything that you feel you have done gives you a sense of self growth and profound thinking you will also unlock very sociable and new attention as well. Venus is the ruling planet of this card so desire has the top shelf of emotions with the empress.\n\nThe Empress (Reversed)\n\nThe reverse of the empress is really sad in overall energy. Unlike the upright and energetic empress. The reverse is everything you never wanted and didn\'t ask for. This can come out in the worst forms such as an unwanted pregnancy, relationships running dry and becoming stagnant of any facets. This will include both emotional and physical matters. To make it worse something could very well be draining your finances and energy leaving you with no favorable options.\n\nThe Empress (Career)\n\nYou wont be able to take a logical route in your career choice. The more abnormal your career is the creative you have to become. The energy is fimanine in this card and usually femanine energy has a way about working nature and art into the picture. While staying at least a little realistic at the same time. It\'s really hard to balance those two things out. Even if it isn\'t easy just know this where you can start getting creative with things because that is the only way to take this challenge on.
