The Lovers (Upright)\n\nThis card comes with a lot of juicy details . Don\'t shy away just yet it\'s time for you to acknowledge that you are deserving of so much in life especially when it comes to emotions and our original clays used to shape our most human of elements. Humans in general are taught that the key components of our foundation such as deep breathing, nutrient intake, creating a home, covering yourself, and deep rest are humanities \"must haves\" before you are able to take it up a notch. The lovers card has two sides to it. Just as every story has more than one part and point of view. Matters of the heart may fancy different wants and \"must haves\". If there is advice flowing in from Somewhere off far or not from a place you expected - mingle it with your own for best results. There is so much to be discovered here. Don\'t lose yourself as you explore these layers regardless of it being official or something that is strictly of the moment.\n\nThe Lovers (Love)\n\nThings can get interesting if you are trying to reference the lovers tarot. Something should come naturally but it seems like they may not be set in stone. Being shy is not going to help you during this spell, note that pisces is associated with this card as well and you would be grateful if you are receiving compassion from this constellation. It\'s association with both male and female energies is positive and actually allows a lot of free play when it comes to this card\'s love life. Tones from the aurora blanket this card teals, silvers, purples and greys are highlighting your potential connections.\n\nThe Lovers (Reversed)\n\nThis is the time to start gathering what you would consider values and presenting them either in your life or with a partner. Imbalance can be a disturbing thing by the time you realize what\'s been causing this imbalance it could already be too late. Listening and processing take time but you can\'t dwell on it either. During this shift through time you are going to be responsible for your actions and hold to the options you select. Maybe rethink a few choices before you make them. Taurus is usually friendly and trustworthy of pisces so don\'t completely dismiss the taurus because of this card\'s reversal but rather just keep an eye on this that could be changing between these two signs.\n\nThe Lovers (Career)\n\nAs far as the lovers being placed into the potential of career possibilities just remember to keep your love life and career life separated. This doesn\'t exactly mean for a single person to immediately discard someone else in the work environment. This card is basically saying for the reader to keep an at work relationship on the more calm side and dont parade around about it or it\'s going to prevent your potential promotions. The signs associated with this card are taurus, virgo, cancer and pisces. Those that fall under these signs are going to have a very attractive draw to them starting soon and even temptation. Don\'t let flirtatious side quests take your full attention away from your original career goals. It could be a long time before you get that drive back to step it up and achieve what you have been building up to.
