The Star (Upright)\n\nA card that brings the word trustworthy to mind. With this card there is a lot being said but only to you. This card Is speaking directly, no extra baggage to one individual and no other, no dead-ends, no baggage, family member or partner - just you. Stop pushing to make things happen. This time you shouldn\'t have to try very hard to make your point or hold off on that debut you\'ve been putting off. It is a time to feel like you belong and are exactly where you should be. Don\'t let anyone cause you to loose your temper now. Doing so will damage your current standing and there is no time for a falling star. Hope will be your weapon to weild and renewal is going to be your sheild. Getting to be that open and expressive can make you withhold some of your talents and knowledge but it\'s a good thing. As you begin to explore this type of popularity there are going to be some frowns in the crowd. Don\'t stress about what you have to do be sure to allow the feeling of guilt blend away slowly but this card is giving you the green light to thin out your fan base because this action is going to be the lessons that teaches you how to identify the real qualities of true friendship and the long term potential. Stars leave dust in their tails. Everything you had to go through to get to this point will and is going to be worth it. Lessons learned and bad vibes cut off from here on out.\n\nThe star (Love)\n\nNothing is ending at this time, in fact it\'s only the beginning so stay sane and really let your playful ways and energy press on because it\'s uphill from here. If you are single you are probably shaking your head no - even if you just came from the ending of a relationship think about it stars love to play and they enjoy the company of someone who can bring on new ideas that can also be an invitation to try things with someone that is in a different social class as you. Different degrees and ranges of energy levels as well. Currently in a relationship? Good you are already halfway there! Lock the door! OR if privacy is the is the issue this is the time to get your own Foundation started or even test the waters with something like an apartment. Either way you look at it, it\'s clear to see things are heating up and this is going to be an ongoing exchange of many expressions. Let\'s also take a moment to admire those natural born loners who actually value all of their free time to themselves. The loner Stars have a thing for creating master works of art and wordy expressions of the reality they witness from their close circle of socialites. Being asked to take part in one of their creations should be taken as a high honor - feel honored during this transaction and both sides will display and offer their best parts and most high of energies.\n\nThe Star (Reversed)\n\nSimilar in some ways to the cards upright position. This is all about you and it\'s time for you to start to somewhat be the bad guy In the next few turns in this chapter of your life. Have a very selfish moment this year because as you have suffered and been made to grin and bare call that has entailed your responsibilities and detailed requests that never seem to have an end just know ... that now there is an end. when you look out as part and it\'s clearly upside down bot notice as stars in the sky are upright but in the reversed stance his would appear to the viewer thant the stars are leaving - things are changing and you are experiencing confusion not only in delicate, sorrowful ways but in fear of what this is going to cause as the ripple effect has now at this very moment been activated. Trying to put a band aid over a deep wound does nothing. Take a deep breath, it\'s time to use what you know to make it out with your sanity still intact. Now that you know you are going to be part of a major life pivoting event make the required arrangments so that when you are called upon to travel you actually can. The fact that you have been forced into confinement is actually what is playing a big part of this need to travel. It\'s time to stand up and fix a few things. Embrace these very rare opportunities. They will not be offered In the future. \n\nThe Star (Career)\n\nExplore some sub categories that are popular in your field. These lush opportunities have a respectable 75% chance of taking you to new heights and discovering new limitations. Improve quickly and with honesty these new found limitations will be what also secures you for task in the far future. The energy of the stars will never stop amazing those that run the show. They are also always looking for something now. Shiney and easy to spot and easy on the eyes. Don\'t take being eye candy as an insult. Those eyes of yours were made not only for gazing at your fellow stars but also being part of the top shelf means you get to assist another smaller star in their career growth. It\'s going to look great on both of you and feel like a whole new world. A meteor shower is the first sign to push your self and underlings.
