The Sun (Upright)\n\nThis card can easily be recognized as one of the most optimistic and geared towards better outcomes. The Sun is the highest point on this card meaning to keep your head up even if things are not going as you planned because it is going to change into a full fledged higher toned destination. The rays of the Sun are absolutely splaying outward in every direction which should give you a sense of calm and the need to be curious at this section of your life, especially since things are picking up from here with a clear Shot to be on the better side of things. The only thing that can even attempt to bring you down is your own fears. Embody the yin energy and grow with it.\n\n\nThe Sun (Love)\n\nLove and earned romance are just a small fraction of your reward. In just a small amount of time you have created a new found joy in someone\'s heart. A horse in this card is clearly visible and part of the balance in this front of the card\'s artwork. Horses are part of the Chinese Zodiac and have always been seen as a passionate, energetic, selective and free spirited animal so with the right one both of you can experience each. Other not only physically but on a much deeper and personal level. A yin-yang, fire and ice type of connection that soul mates and twin flames discover during their more early life time.\n\nThe Sun (Reversed)\n\nIn a way it\'s like staring into a black hole Sun. As the reversed Sun is part of an ever evolving plan to illuminate what is hidden in the dark. This card reversed strongly embodies the saying \"What is done in the dark will come to the light.\" This card is telling it\'s holder to get ready to hear some things that might not be easy to comprehend. If this is the case then you should prepare yourself mentally. If you are the giver of this form of information, tread lightly because there is some form of brain fog or negative influence providing false clarity. Be wise on what you witness and take from it. The ruling planet of this card is still the Sun. Silver linings are still a possibility.\n\n\nThe Sun (Career)\n\nCareers that have the Sun card in them are really on the up and up when it comes to personal influence that you bring to the table. If you are at work and you are noticing that where you go and whoever you run into are left with a breath of fresh air and positive feelings - this is going to be a sign that you are headed in the right direction. Material happiness plays a role in this card referring to careers. So if you are after a material life and this career can provide that stepping stone, continue with these actions and you\'ll achieve great things and attract the right crowd.
