The Tower (upright)\n\nWhenever the tower appears in a spread it\'s almost always seen as a dangerous card to have around. It suggests sudden changes in your life that there were no ways of knowing what would have happened to even try and prevent it. Destruction is the energy that this card carries. But considering that this card is in the upright position, maybe it\'s others that should be taking a moment to back up from you and show a little respect.\n\nThe Tower (Love)\n\nLove can be a hard thing to pin down. But as this Tower card is know for the destructive reputation that is even included in matters of the heart. If you are strong in your foundation this card is a sign to push on even when the emotional rollercoaster is hard to fight off. A foundation that has large cracks in it that are obvious and is clearly weakening are not going to last much longer. At all. What can be said in positive light of this card is that when you have to break off that relationship with such a toxic other half you are now making the way for enlightenment and new experiences.\n\nThe Tower (Reversed)\n\nWhen the tower is reversed you can take a lot of the gloom and doom out of the picture. It still means you\'re going to have to put forth your best effort but you\'ll be able to disperse chaos quickly and have hindesight on your side as well. The element of this card is Fire. But instead of leaving fire and destruction wherever you or your opponent goes you are lighting lanterns and candles for those on your path or those trying to find new views and purposes in life.\n\nThe Tower (Career)\n\nIt\'s going to be an uphill battle and as long as you keep your footing you will be sure to make it to where you want to be in your field. Although this may not happen during your first attempt as you need backup and things to support your words. Actions to prove you can keep up and keep going. If your tower isn\'t completed the first time around, give it another shot. You built your tower once already and now you need to reinforce it.
