Princess of Disks (Upright)\n\nAs a part of the court cards the Princess of Disks has a strong potential to reference someone around you in real life. often the Princess is relatable to the quest of knowledge and advancement In Skill. however It may also pull on the Charms of witt when certain life choices need to be made. Taking time to compare and contrastthe pros and cons of a choice and the outcomes. It could take some time to work out a desired or more preferred Solutions. This card can reflect positive potential Is also already In motion. Signifing that the current action or choice is going to continue to progress - IF work related Just keep doing what you are currently doing. your current actions are being noticed. In relation to life ,since Princesses are always Progressing - growth of the family is now presenting that opportunity. OBserving the natural flow of a Princess or scholar they always make their choices based On their personal desires along with some form OF research. over the course of the next few months the Princess will Finally arrive at a preferred conclusion. The Element of Earth is the main Element of the Princess of Disks. Earth IS always finding new ways to Balance Itself out - Moving Things around can aid with this concept as well.\n\nPrincess of Disks (Love)\n\nBeing an Earth bound Element comes with Its own challenges. A lot of the Elemental community sees Earth Elementals as being luckyto be ... So solid in their foundation and beliefs but those set in stone traits of the Princess of Disks can be very Frustrating when It comes to the land of love. Never setting till you find Exactly What you have been Searching For. A true muse to assist you in life. An Equal mind to pair with and shame with. some one who has similar lifelong goals,hobbies and a just as curious appetite would be the perfect muse for the Princess of Particles.  on the other hand if yoU are already In a relationship or have been in a relationship for an on going period of time this card can really draw attention to a target issue. Try something new and work Together it can help shed light on some old stories and if sustainable Provide new material For another Book in your already growing novel. Remember with knowledge you are made aware,Positive,Curious,somewhat perplexed yet still Capable of doing so much more For your other half .\n\nPrincess of Disks (Reversed)\n\nA reversed card can be Intimidating and Frustrating because we usually have to face these sort of positions with stressful choices or very Rew options to pick from or Even the fact that being creative In this negative position will only help you out so much. The crule reality of your world is setting in. so time may be very Important here. Not leaving you with much Time to think about what you are really choosing and how this connects to thing s later on. How frustrating. Try to keep a level head as you May have someone who is watching you judging and Critiquing From afar. If thats the case and you are lucky Enough to catch them In the act - The Page of Disks is Notorious for giving nay sayers a run for their money. Regardless of The outcome a Princess is of youthful Energy has The time for experimentation on a small scale. Pages write down and take up new things so Quickly that if you suddenly find Yourself Without Certain resources and Possibly having to do Everything alone. The Princess has all the right curiosities.\n\nPrincess of Pentacles (Career)\n\nThe Princess never Stops moving nor does the Page Ever Stop turning Princesss.  Being the Jack of all trades is Entertaining but Even the most high of scolars and students alike seek their true calling. Incorporating the passions of your true calling into your Everyday life is a little Edgey But that\'s how you really start to see the bigger Picture. while Choosing a career path, sticking with your current Choice or Finally leaving that dead End job. This page of the Book is developing SIow and steady - at this time In your life you may not appreciate the speed at which this is going but It Is going to pay off once Everything Is in place and that momentum startS building up it\'s going to really speed things up and this time Nothing Is slowing It down -
