Knight of Swords (Upright)\n\nWhen you see this Card In your drawl Spread and the card IS facing Upright just know that now is the Time to Prepare yourself for a small upgrade in life . knights were known to be a figure of protection , Status, Honor, courage and their prideful EgoS . IF you are a leo you know Exactly the weight of Pride and still Enjoy It nonetheless. Remember to make sure that The growth during This season Is giving you somewhat of a stamina Boost - if not do not panic everything still has time for reevaluation and Even some Interpersonal fine tuning. protection is with you as well. knights are after all are warriors Who\'s Soul purpose Is to protect.Armor of somekind is always In some form on ( or around) Knights . With that being said - you absolutelyi cannot Take care of anything Extra nor anyone..if you yourself are not in a good place mentally or physically. This is a very physical card requiring a lot of physical  energy.   The knight and noble steed . Always a pair to behold in any fairytale  and history books. The ego and subconscious  have  a history of working closely so that\'s a plus as well. As things shift weight and the reveal of this small step up in life grow ever closer and clearer remember to remain focused.Swords given to knights commonly were given names. Names that carried their weight and reputation. For this upgrade stay level headed and open minded as you are going to have to make some first impressions and begin the construction of a positive, strong and charming reputation.\n\nKnight of Swords (Love)\n\nIt\'s not that the Knight Is loosing interest in The love scene it\'s only a matter of refreshing your self and taking the time to Still have fun Eventhough you are working on Improving ,growing and trying your best to maintain Your foundations and natural hard working drive.you need to show down and allow yourself to Enjoy the \"now\". A youthful and Brave soul Can Easily get Carried away and during this season.. Depending on your comment status , your solo self could could risk mi ssing something right In front of you..If you are paired with someone already It\'s time you take on a new phase of life together. Every knight has a princess and Every princess loves being shown off to the world as someone that you value and protected. Fire is also the main Element of the Knight. light on your feet and always willing to attempt a new skill or intellectual goal.  Passion is a must have and feel for a knight and this includes someone close to you or someone who has been on your mind lately maybe Trying to present an opportunity to you . IF you know what prize your mind,heart and Eyes are set on - begin proceeding forward. Courage,Curiousity,Consistancy and Creativity must now be the Swift and steady weapons of choice. Self doubt Currenthghas no place In the mind during this adventure.\n\nKnight of Swords (Reversed)\n\nWhen you have the reversed knight of Swords Upside down it can be somewhat somewhat Intimidating and Even disheartening. Staying level headed during a current or approaching Trial is the key to maintaining balance and still being able to Come out with a bether Understanding of what you really want out of life . separating yourself from negativity,abuse from family,friends or Even Intimate relationships and the dating scene maybe required. It\'s Basically time to Put yourself first and learn a little self care and self Esteem Building excersizes. It may be best to surround yourself with a Strong water sign such as a Loyal but slightly intimidating Scorpio. This particularly dark Zodiac sign can actually teach you a lot about Escaping bouts of depression and how to calmly make your way out of that rock and hard place, Emerging a little more aware of the situation and Feeling Confident about the outcome. Even if It\'s not Exactly what you wanted but needed. Fire signs can Preally over do it So having that water sign Calm your fears and anxiety Is a blessing. knights need Compassion and rest too. Put the sword down for a few weeks . Take some time to crean up around you and refresh your mind, body, and Soul \'\n\nKnight of Swords (Career)\n\nTime to hustle . Formulate a plan to keep things moving-warriors all have to train and advance on their path .  . You don\'t have time For Yourself and Personal life goals lately. when The knight of swords is In the reverse position. The Knight has Fallen Off of the stead or is currently riding wounded and Is bleeding out fast. . . harboring hate and holding grudges Can make you sick and weak over a long periode of Time.  Make sure to keep a worms life balance because Even In reverse the knight of Swords is still a very Balanced card. your work life and love life must remain Seperated. A distraction that Is enso part of your careers foundation Could pose a threat to all cuff your pure and honorable intentions. A changing knight will signify an obvious driven will to Climb the company latter and secure the respect you have Earned. A reversed knight Concerning a Career or Profitable passion can mean tis time to Extend your services and open up to new work life Balancesbecause the current plan of action Ismt really going as planned or you find your self unhappy with your work and it\'s leaving you burned out and with no Energy ofthe End of the day. IF that is the case you are not on the right path If you have no Feelings of self worth and your Finances do not meat a goal to help you improve or maintain your current Quality afire. Change must happen and the Execution of this change must be Prepared. with your finances , health ,family or potential relationship possibilities m mind as well. If your work liFe  choices and career Change are moving Forward and motivated by anger. Failure is the any Outcome... relationships with the Opposite gender at work should be cut immediatley as Cheating and Keeping Secrets will be the Final Crack in your fondation.
